Code for days that are missing are simple challenges hence ommitted from commit

Day 2
Exploring Data Types
For this challenge, you need to read a line from stdin and check whether it is of type integer, float or string. 
If input is- 
    Integer print 'This input is of type Integer.' to the stdout 
    Float print 'This input is of type Float.' to the stdout 
    String print 'This input is of type string.' to the stdout 
    else print 'This is something else.' to the stdout. 

Day 7
Given a range and you need to find how many prime numbers lying between the given range. 

Day 8
Given a integer input and store it in a variable of your choice and checks whether this number is an Armstrong number or not. 
If yes print 'True' else print 'False'.

Day 9
Given a integer input and store it in a variable and checks whether the input number is a Narcissistic number or not. 
If it is, then print 'True' else print 'False'. 
An n-digit number that is the sum of the nth powers of its digits is called an n-narcissistic number. 

Day 10
Given number of elements as input on one line and array elements as an input on another line.
find the second largest array element and print that element to the stdout. 

Day 11
Given a string as an input from the stdin, count the number of uppercase and lowercase letters and print them to the stdout.

Day 12
Given 2 matrices as an input from the stdin , add them and print the resultant matrix to the stdout. 

Day 13
Given a matrix as an input from the stdin , transpose it and print the resultant matrix to the stdout. 

Day 14
Given N words one on each line and output should be lexicographically sorted i.e the words which comes as a output should be lexicographically sorted 


Day 15
This program takes two integers from user ( base number and a exponent) and calculates the power. Instead of using loops to calculate power, this program uses recursion to calculate the power of a number. 

Day 16 
Given two numbers , calculate their greatest common divisor (GCD) and print it to the stdout.

Day 17
Given array and an integer as an input, check for pair in array with sum as that of an integer and if those two numbers are found in the array return true else return false. 

Day 18
Given an unsorted array arr[0..n-1] of size n, find the minimum length subarray arr[s..e] such that sorting this subarray makes the whole array sorted. 
Input
13
1 2 4 7 10 11 7 12 3 7 16 18 19
Output
4 7 10 11 7 12 3 7

Day 19
Given binary number as an input and you need to convert it into a decimal number

Day 21
Given number of elements as input on one line and array elements as an input on another line. You need to find the numbers that are odd, add them. find the numbers that are even add them and then multiply the two values that you get after addition of even numbers and that of addition of odd numbers. 

Day 22
Given an array of integers, find the sum of even numbers and odd numbers separately and 
print the absolute value of difference between them

Day 23
Given number of elements as input on one line and array elements as an input on another line. You need to find the minimum number and maximum number from the array and multiply them. 

Day 24
Given number of elements as input on one line and array elements as an input on another line. You need to find the average of even numbers, then the average of odd numbers and add them (round the averages to the nearest integers). 

Day 25
Given number of elements as input on one line and array elements as an input on another line. You need to tell whether the numbers present in the array are consecutive or not. 

Day 26
Given integer input from stdin, store it in a variable, find the digits in a number and then print the biggest of them. 

Day 27
Given integer input from stdin, store it in a variable, find the digits in that number, identify digits that are odd and add them, identify which digits are even and add them. Subtract the smaller with the larger one. 

Day 28
Given two integers input from stdin, sum the digits of a number and same is to be done with another number. Then compare the sum of the digits of two numbers and if one sum found to be greater then print that number to the stdout. If found both sum to be equal then print 'Equal' to the stdout. 

Day 29
Given a matrix as an input from the stdin , calculate the sum of the digits for each diagonal and compare them
For example, 
in the below matrix 
1 2 3 
4 5 6 
7 8 9 
Diagonal 1 is 1,5,9. 
Diagonal 2 is 3,5,7. 

Day 30
Given a matrix as an input from the stdin , identify which row has maximum sum of the digits.
